
<h3>Introduction:</h3>

Our web application is a marketplace for books, called BookDeal, which allows the user to sell or buy new or used books. Our goal for the application is to enhance the seller and buyer experience, by being able to conveniently use a single application for the entire customer journey (awareness, consideration, purchase, retention, loyalty). Specifically, we focus on helping sellers provide enough and accurate information for buyers to familiarize themselves with the books. We believe that focusing on improving customer experience in the awareness stage differentiates us from other marketplaces for books. Although we focus mainly on pre-purchase and point-of-purchase processes, ease of use will translate to customer satisfaction that will allow us to retain loyal users, creating a network effect that organically increases our user base.

Our application utilizes a database that stores user information and information on books that are currently on the market. In order to improve the awareness stage of the customer journey, our application feeds on two public APIs, namely Google Books and New York Times. The Google Books API improves ease of use, because the application presents the buyers with the official description of the books (i.e. title, author, average rating, retail price, synopsis) that complements information provided by the sellers. Therefore, sellers can focus on setting up the transaction rather than providing information on the product, while buyers have all the necessary information to decide whether the book is a good deal or not. The New York Times API provides us with the bestseller list, which acts as a recommendation for the buyers. Our application also uses third-party authentication, namely Gmail. Finally, our application uses a decoupled architecture of MERN stack.


<h3>Updated User Stories:</h3>

1. As a user, I want to be able to register for an account and login using my email to access the platform (view all the books that are available on the market). As a first-time user, I am asked to either register for an account or login using my Gmail. If I choose to register for an account, I am asked to provide an email address and a password. After the account is created, I can simply log in using the email and password I provided. If I choose to login using my Gmail, I can use the Gmail address and password to use the platform. Then, I am able to see all the books that are available in the marketplace. [We decided to not make the application exclusive to the BU community so anyone can login with any email.]

2. As a user, I want to be able to sell and buy books using the same account. However, I want the website to be organized in a manner that allows me to distinguish between the two activities. When I am looking to sell books, I have a menu option on the top right of the website which allows me to list or keep track of the books I am selling. When I am looking to buy books, I can see all the books that are available on the market by accessing the home page. The home page can be accessed in two ways: (1) I can log into the app and automatically land on the home page, or (2) I can click the BookDeal button on top of the website which redirects me to the home page.

3. As a user (seller), I want to be able to easily list the books I am looking to sell so that potential buyers can easily find them. When trying to list an item, I click the “Post a Book” button. Then, I am asked to input the important details regarding the book itself (i.e. title, author, category, price, description, and image). If any of the required information is not filled in, I will not be able to list the item because these are essential attributes all books need to have for buyers to be able to identify whether it is the book they want, as well as to keep the listings on the platform organized – otherwise, the app will not be able to pull information from the Google Books API. This does not mean that I have to fill in the book information exhaustively, and can simply use keywords. Since all the fields are filled, using keywords (e.g. only the author’s last name rather than the full name) allow the app to perform a database query based on keys that are unique enough to connect to the Google Books API. The app automatically provides interested buyers with my email address, with which they can contact me to inquire or purchase the book.

4. As a user (seller), I want to be able to keep track of all the books I am selling in one page. I click the “Your Books” button under the menu option to access them. When I sell or am no longer interested in selling the book, I can delete the listing. This removes the book from the website’s database, so the book is no longer available in the marketplace.

5. As a user (buyer), I want to be able to find the books that I am interested in buying. I can use the search bar and type in the keywords for the book I want. When I press enter, the app opens a page with all the book listings that match the keywords I inserted. If there are no matches, then the page will be empty indicating that there are no listings available. I can also navigate different categories within the home page (i.e. textbook, romance, science-fiction, biographies, history) to see which books are available in the genre I am interested in. I can see them by clicking on the respective category buttons, which redirects me to a page with all the books listed within the category. If there are no books available to sell within the category, the page will be empty indicating that there are no listings available.

6. As a user (buyer), I want to be able to obtain information on the book I am interested in buying. After the app presents me with all the available listings, I want to be able to check out each listing by clicking them, redirecting me to a specific page for the listing – the page has all the information the seller provided on the book (i.e. title, author, category, price, description, and image). Since the app pulls information on the book from Google Books API (i.e. title, author, average rating, rating count, retail price, preview link, description), I can make an informed decision whether to purchase the book without having to consult as many sites as I usually do. This includes whether the book is a good read or not, and price comparison between the retail price and the price of the book sold on the platform. The app automatically provides the email address of the seller, which I can use as a point of contact for the transaction. [We decided that the app would only be a listing platform. Thus, the seller and buyer must make arrangements for sales through email on their own.]

7. As a user (buyer), I want to receive recommendations for some books to buy. When I scroll down the home page, I will find a section that displays current best-selling books according to the New York Times. When I click on the book, it will redirect me to the corresponding Amazon page.


<h3>Updated Reasoning for Technology Stack</h3>

We choose to use the MERN stack, namely React.js (front-end), Express.js (back-end), and MongoDB Atlas (database). Since the usage of MERN stack is highly documented, it makes it easier for us to consult different sources whenever we are having coding problems. Additionally, the MERN stack relies only on JavaScript as its only language, so we can focus on the logic without worrying about switching between syntax. We choose React.js for our front-end framework, because it provides us with reusable components that reduce development time – however, not compromising the complexity of our interface. We choose Express.js because it is a simpler version of Node.js with additional functionality in terms of middleware, controller, and routing, which is important when scaling to improve performance. It is also more widely used for web applications, and requires less coding time. Since we are using the MERN stack, we use MongoDB as the database framework which is known to be highly scalable in terms of data management.

