As a user, I want to be able to login using my BU email to access the platform (keep track of all the textbooks I am buying/selling). When I access the website, I am asked to login using my BU email. I do not need to create an account for this platform because everything will be linked to the BU system. If I do not have an active BU email, I will not be able to access the platform because it is reserved for use exclusively within the BU community. Then, I am able to see my dashboard with pages for home, profile, messages, listings, etc. Additionally, if I have not logged into my account within a week, my profile will indicate that, so buyers/sellers can have a faster and smoother experience transacting with other accounts.
As a user (buyer), I want to be able to find all the textbooks I want/need for the upcoming semester. I can use the search bar and type in keywords for the textbook I want. When I press enter, the app opens a page with all the textbook listings that match the keywords I inserted. If there are no matches, then the page will show that there are no listings available. Additionally, it will also be great if the app can pull the information on what textbooks I need for the upcoming semester by using my course enrollment status on StudentLink. That way, I do not have to manually insert all the classes I am enrolled in and have the app curate the list instead. 
As a user (seller), I want to be able to easily list the textbooks I am looking to sell so that potential buyers can easily find them. When trying to list an item, I will input important details of the textbook, such as the title, author, ISBN, associated course, condition, price, as well as chosen methods of payment (i.e. Paypal, Venmo/Zelle or cash upon delivery, etc.) and delivery (i.e. package, in-person). If any of the required information is not available, I will not be able to list the item because these are essential attributes all textbooks need to have for buyers to be able to identify whether it is the right textbook, as well as to keep the listings on the platform organized. However, I will have the choice to add additional information on the textbook if I choose to.
As a user (buyer), I want to be able to compare textbook qualities and prices with other popular platforms and within the platform itself, so I can make sure that I have the best deal (i.e. conditions and pricing). After the app presents me with all the available listings, I want to be able to check out each listing by redirecting me to a specific page for the listing – the page has all the information the seller provided on the textbook as well as price comparisons from Amazon and BU Barnes and Nobles for the specific book. If the book is not sold by Amazon Bookstore and BU Barnes and Nobles, then those prices will not be listed and there is a message that says that the price comparison is unavailable because it is not sold on those platforms. For comparisons within the platform, I want to see how reliable the seller is by looking at their reviews. If a seller does not have a review, the app will simply show that there are no reviews available.
As a user (seller), I want to be able to track how my listings are doing. I can see all my listings (sold and unsold) within a page on the app. I can also individually access the page for each listing. For active listings, I will be able to see how many people view the listing and how many people have the item in their bags. I can also edit the information on the listing, and in particular, adjust the price of the textbook in response to the market or indicate that the textbook has been sold. If the textbook has been sold, the app will automatically make the active listing inactive. For inactive listings, the app will simply show all information on the listing before it becomes inactive.
As a user, I want to be able to feel secure about my sale/purchase. On the buyer’s side, I want to receive confirmation that my order has been successfully placed. I will receive an email notification, as well as an order page on the app that shows my order details, including the seller’s information and estimated arrival date after paying or submitting a holding fee (in the case of Venmo/Zelle or cash upon delivery) for the textbook. If anything goes wrong with the order, I can reference the order number/details when contacting the seller or platform agents. I also want the order to be delivered on time in the condition that is stated in the listing. If the seller is unable to meet them (e.g. textbook is not in agreed upon condition, delivery delay, etc.), I will be able to issue a complaint, cancel the order, and get a refund. On the seller’s side, I want to deliver the order and receive payment in a secure manner in the method of payment I indicated on the listing. If the buyer does not hold his/her end of the bargain, I will be able to cancel the order or obtain compensation (in the case of Venmo/Zelle or cash upon delivery).
